Release/6.1.0 rc.1 (#1214)
onfido/onfido-sdk-ui: README.md

    The locale tag is also used to override the language of the SMS body for the cross device feature. This feature is owned by Onfido and is currently only supporting English, Spanish, French and German.

  - `phrases` (required) : An object containing the keys you want to override and the new values. The keys can be found in [`src/locales/en_US/en_US.json`](src/locales/en_US/en_US.json). They can be passed as a nested object or as a string using the dot notation for nested values. See the examples below.

>   - `mobilePhrases` (optional) : An object containing the keys you want to override and the new values. The values specified within this object are only visible on mobile devices. Please refer to the `mobilePhrases` property in [`src/locales/en_US/en_US.json`](src/locales/en_US/en_US.json). **Notes**: supports for standalone `mobilePhrases` key will be deprecated soon. Consider nesting it inside `phrases` if applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `mobilePhrases` (optional) : An object containing the keys you want to override and the new values. The values specified within this object are only visible on mobile devices. Please refer to the `mobilePhrases` property in [`src/locales/en_US/en_US.json`](src/locales/en_US/en_US.json). **Note**: support for standalone `mobilePhrases` key will be deprecated soon. Consider nesting it inside `phrases` if applicable.
```
